http://www.guru99.com/software-testing-introduction-importance.html


What is Software Testing & Why Testing is Important
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TDynSmrzpXw

Software Testing : Seven Testing Principles
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFaWOw8bIMM

Software Testing: SDLC V/s STLC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=An7HC1LolDM

What is Unit Testing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lj5nnGa_DIw

Software Testing : System Testing & Acceptance Testing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N8-qNMHOVyw

What is Integration Testing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QYCaaNz8emY

Sanity and Smoke Testing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWf-ZqHaL64

What is Regression Testing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aeu5zacsHsI

What is Non-Functional Testing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2A9OakDYcY

Test Formality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFMq5bUz7bk

What is a Test Scenario
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMN0pCyjQ9E

What is Test Basis in Software Testing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zz34cEC8Z4c

How to write a Test Case
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BBmA5Qp6Ghk

How to Create Requirement Traceability Matrix (RTM)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cm-cSW66Isc

Boundary Value Analysis and Equivalence Partitioning
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P1Hv2sUPKeM

What is Decision Table Testing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSbIDrx_KVY

State Transition Testing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Udjai_6b9Y

Use Case Testing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijtvAvapsP0

What is Static Testing? What is a Review
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YosSY0e5Xy4

Test Estimation Techniques
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btNboe_EhX8

What is a Test Plan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vdm1Lh540LM

What is Software Defect or Software Bug
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKv85-K_6w4

Defect/Bug Life Cycle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NpDZ2NJmDrE

Software Testing Life Cycle STLC
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dq5IYYqnnGQ

What is White Box Testing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bJcvBLJViQ

What is Black Box Testing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wi75S5TTfQ0

What is Automated Testing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RbSlW8jZFe8

